README.md, before:

# USB-Micro-SD-Player-Module
A compact, USB powered, micro SD audio player module.

Features:
 - User input available using either photocell or push button switch.
 - Module status (Error, Ready, Play Mode, ect.) via onboard LED.
 - User settings are saved between power cycles, with option to reset.
 - Powered by standard Micro USB 1.0 A phone charger.
 - Store up to 128 MP3 files on Micro SD (32G max).
 - Emulate external SD drive when connected to computer using USB cable.
 - Programmable controller (ATTiny85) using ISP port.
 
Module accepts commands by waving hand over the photocell, or pressing push button switch (depending on module configuration). Program status and settings are displayed via an onboard Status LED.

Key: (.) = Short Press, (-) = Long Press, (*) = default
| Input | Command |
| :---: | :--- |
| . | Play next song. |
| - | Stop playing song, and fade to silence. |
| .. | Play previous song. |
| .- | Change play mode (full song*, 20 sec, book, auto). |
| ... | Change volume (low, med*, high) in all modes. |
| ..- | Change interval (5 sec, 10 sec*, 20 sec) in autoplay mode. |
| .... | Reset user settings (play mode, volume, and interval). |

Program Status (via LED):

| Pattern | Description |
| :---: | :--- |
| Blinking | Error, unable to read files on Micro SD card, or the last power cycle was too short (less than 10 sec). |
| Steady On | Ready for new command, or playing song. |
| Steady Off | Processing last command, or sleeping. |
| n blinks | Used to show current setting or completion of last command. |

Blink Codes (via LED):

| n | Play Mode | Volume | Interval | Other |
| :---: | :---: |  :---: | :---: | :---: |
| 1 | full song | low | 5 sec | reset |
| 2 | 20 sec | med | 10 sec |  |
| 3 | book | high | 20 sec |  |
| 4 | auto |  |  |  |

Commit message:

Project description.
Update blink code section and values.

README.md, after:

# USB-Micro-SD-Player-Module
A compact, USB powered, micro SD audio player module.

Features:
 - User input available using either photocell or push button switch.
 - Module status (Error, Ready, Play Mode, ect.) via onboard LED.
 - User settings are saved between power cycles, with option to reset.
 - Powered by standard Micro USB 1.0 A phone charger.
 - Store up to 128 MP3 files on Micro SD (32G max).
 - Emulate external SD drive when connected to computer using USB cable.
 - Programmable controller (ATTiny85) using ISP port.
 
Module accepts commands by waving hand over the photocell, or pressing push button switch (depending on module configuration).

Key: (.) = Short Press, (-) = Long Press, (*) = default
| Input | Command |
| :---: | :--- |
| . | Play next song. |
| - | Stop playing song, and fade to silence. |
| .. | Play previous song. |
| .- | Change play mode (full song*, 20 sec, book, auto). |
| ... | Change volume (low, med*, high) in all modes. |
| ..- | Change interval (5 sec, 10 sec*, 20 sec) in autoplay mode. |
| .... | Reset user settings (play mode, volume, and interval). |

Module Status (via LED):

Module status and user settings are displayed via an onboard Status LED.

| Pattern | Description |
| :---: | :--- |
| Blinking | Error, unable to read files on Micro SD card, or the last power cycle was too short (less than 10 sec). |
| Steady On | Ready for new command, or playing song. |
| Steady Off | Processing last command, or sleeping. |
| n blinks | Used to show current setting or completion of last command. |

Blink Codes (via LED):

The blink code reflects the last command entered. Locate the column of the command entered, and then move down to the row matching the number of blinks observed to see the value returned.

| n | Play Mode | Volume | Interval | Reset |
| :---: | :---: |  :---: | :---: | :---: |
| 1 | full song | low | 5 sec | ok |
| 2 | 20 sec | med | 10 sec | - |
| 3 | book | high | 30 sec | - |
| 4 | auto | - | 60 sec | - |
